here at Jiffy Pop hey champ
you got a good run oh sorry your racing
days are coming to an end in cars three
Lightning McQueen has to prove he can
keep up with a new generation of racers
all eyes at me tells the story of Tupac
from his early days as a rapper to his
rise of the poet and actor and a
cultural icon
body cameras although me why me because
I'm too this weekend's all about
us just like old times
Scarlett Johansson stars in rough night
a raunchy comedy about a bachelorette
party gone horribly wrong everything
away see what's hot in theaters with
this week spent to the patients
[Music]
and so what's your weekend to get going
to be let us know by commenting see you
next time on weekend ticket
[Music]